#------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# afsperldebug.pod
#
# Copyright © 2004 Alf Wachsmann <alfw@slac.stanford.edu> and
#                  Elizabeth Cassell <e_a_c@mailsnare.net>
#
# $Revision: 1.1 $ $Date: 2004/10/22 15:04:40 $ $Author: alfw $
#
# This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
# under the same terms as Perl itself.
#------------------------------------------------------------------------------

=head1 NAME

B<AFS::Monitor> - Perl interface to AFS monitoring and debugging tools

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=over

=item B<afsmonitor>

Gathers statistics about specified File Server and Cache Manager operations.
There are 271 available File Server statistics and 571 available Cache Manager
statistics, listed in L<afsmon_stats(1)>.
See L<afsmonitor(1)>

=item B<cmdebug>

Reports status of cache manager and cache entries on a particular AFS
client machine. See L<cmdebug(1)>

=item B<rxdebug>

Provides debugging trace of Rx activity for a specified server or client
machine. See L<rxdebug(1)>

=item B<scout>

Gathers statistics from the File Server processes running on the specified
machines. See L<scout(1)>

=item B<udebug>

Reports the status of the Ubik process associated with a database server
process. See L<udebug(1)>

=item B<xstat_cm_test>

Gathers the specified data collections associated with the specified Cache
Manager. See L<xstat_cm_test(1)>

=item B<xstat_fs_test>

Gathers the specified data collections associated with the specified File
Server process. See L<xstat_fs_test(1)>

=back

=head1 COMPATIBILITY

The configurations that this package has been tested on are listed below:

        OS               @sys           compiler
        ------------------------------------------
        Solaris          sun4x_58       gcc-2.95.3
                         sun4x_59       gcc-2.95.3

        Red Hat 7.2      i386_linux24   gcc-2.95.3

        Red Hat Enterprise Linux 3
                         i386_linux24   gcc-3.2.3
	SuSE Linux 8.2   i386_linux24   gcc-3.3.3

	Mac OS X	 ppc_darwin_70	gcc-3.3


Perl 5.6.1 or newer (haven't tested on any older versions.)
No problems were found with threaded Perl.
AFS system libraries (either B<IBM/Transarc AFS v3.6> or B<OpenAFS 1.2.x>
or newer) AFS header files.

=head1 PREREQUISITES

This package does not depend on any other Perl modules.

=head1 AUTHORS

The code and documentation for this class were contributed by Stanford
Linear Accelerator Center, a department of Stanford University.
This documentation was written by

=over

=item Elizabeth Cassell <e_a_c@mailsnare.net> and

=item Alf Wachsmann <alfw@slac.stanford.edu>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND DISCLAIMER

 Copyright 2004 Alf Wachsmann <alfw@slac.stanford.edu> and
                Elizabeth Cassell <e_a_c@mailsnare.net>
 All rights reserved.

 Most of the explanations in this document are taken from the original
 AFS documentation.

 AFS-3 Programmer's Reference:
 Volume Server/Volume Location Server Interface
 Edward R. Zayas
 (c) 1991 Transarc Corporation.
 All rights reserved.

 IBM AFS Administration Reference
 (c) IBM Corporation 2000.
 All rights reserved.

 This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
 under the same terms as Perl itself.
